What's up everyone?
In the spirit of GraphicStock's
Creator2Creator initiative,
here is what we made
with our GraphicStock subscription.
Hope you enjoy it.
[sighs] Home!
[Irene] I'm leaving...
Ooo... going out on a Friday night?
I know what that means.
Wait!
You shaved your legs,
but you're wearing flip flops.
You're wearing falsies,
but also reading glasses?
And you're wearing a crop top, ugh,
under an old hoodie?
Do you even know where you are going?
I'm meeting up with Tim.
Tim from marketing? Is it a date?
I don't know.
We got back from our work trip
and said we'd eat and finish the account
but then our presentation got cancelled,
but we didn't cancel the eating part so,
now we are just getting dinner.
Well, do you want it to be a date?
I mean... he is cute, dorky,
oblivious at times but...
I guess I wouldn't mind if it were.
[gasps]
Oh yay!
Hold on!
Uh, this is great and all but...
it's not really a date
unless he also thinks it's a date.
Okay, but how will I know?
Oh it should be obvious.
So obvious.
There will be signs.
[phone vibrates]
He's here.
[gasp] He's picking you up?
That's a sign.
[whispers] Okay.
Grab some heels, too.
Ooo, but he didn't come to the door...
Inconclusive. Have fun!
-Hey Tim!
-Hey.
[Tim] So...
before we leave,
I want to give you something.
You got me something?
Yeah!
Well, Tim, you didn't have to get me...
receipts!
Yeah, they're our work receipts
from our business trip?
Oh...
You handle reimbursements, right?
Yeah!
Great. Cool.
Hey, I just wanted to say, uh...
I really like your style, tonight.
Really?
Thanks!
Yeah, I have the same hoodie.
Hey, uh, one sec?
I'm gonna get something
from this flower guy.
Tim, stop... [laughs]
[sighs]
I needed change for a 50.
-Gotcha. Yeah.
-Yeah.
Tim?
Oh my God, are you always here?
Last time I was here, was with you.
Oh how rude. This is Irene.
Oh... Irene?
Heard so much about you.
Is that right?
Oh, Irene. This is my Maya "girlfriend."
What!?
Maya
Ghufran.
It's Arabic.
[Maya] He always mispronounce it.
Such a pretty name!
Thanks!
You know, I don't know
if you know this but,
you're on a date.
Am I?
Yeah, you are on a date. Look!
Eww.
There are a bunch of date trees
on this street,
I've been stepping on them myself.
Don't you hate it when you're on a date
and you don't even know it?
That does suck!
Anyways, we got a reservation,
so we gotta go.
Okay, no worries.
Watch out for those dates.
I'm trying.
Uh, thanks!
That was delicious.
I'm really glad we did this.
Mhmm...
Didn't know you're the type
to play footsies.
Oh my God.
That's your foot?
I have an itch,
and I thought I was scratching it
on the leg of the table,
and you have a very rigid leg.
Whenever you're ready.
Let me get this...
parking validated.
Waiter?
[sighs]
Uh... hey, are you okay?
You have been anxious all night.
Fine.
Yes, I've been freaking out all night
and my plan is to play it cool
because I was told there will be signs
but clearly that didn't work out.
So screw all the signs and subtext
and let's be direct,
because I think you are really awesome
and we'd waste last time
if we just cut to the chase.
So...
is this a date?
[sighs]
Irene.
Of course, this is a date.
It's our...
third date.
Right?
Well, hope you guys related to that one.
I hope-- No, I hope you guys
didn't relate to that one.
[laughs]
It was actually based off of one
of our Wong Fu teammates, Jennifer Le.
Yea apparently, she's been
in this situation many of times.
Is it really that compl--
Well no, not exactly where you're
like stepping on dates,
but just the ambiguity of like,
"What is this? Is this a hang out
or is a date?"
Guys, let's just--
let's just be more up front.
So actually all those graphics
that came up on screen,
we actually got them
from a website called GraphicStock.com
You can click the link in the
description box below
to get a free 7 day trial to GraphicStock
and that means access
to unlimited downloads of over 350,000
vectors, photos and illustrations.
So go check it out, especially,
if you are a creator
'cause it's a great resource.
Right. Create something special
and share it
with a hashtag #creator2creator.
And for us, new shorts coming up.
We'll see you guys next time.
Later!